Reset PTO and loss detection timer when discarding keys (#3415)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

Initial packets and Handshake packets could be never acknowledged, but they are
removed from bytes in flight when the Initial and Handshake keys are discarded.
When Initial or Handshake keys are discarded, the PTO and loss detection timers

> are reset, because discarding keys indicates forward progress and the loss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST be reset, because discarding keys indicates forward progress and the loss
```

       congestion_window = kMinimumWindow
~~~

## Upon dropping Initial or Handshake keys

When Initial or Handshake keys are discarded, packets from the space
are discarded and loss detection state is updated.

Pseudocode for OnPacketNumberSpaceDiscarded follows:

~~~
OnPacketNumberSpaceDiscarded(pn_space):

>   assert(pn_space != 1RTT)

Reviewer 2: Don't you use ApplicationData?

Author: Of course, fixed.

  // Remove any unacknowledged packets from flight.
  foreach packet in sent_packets[pn_space]:
    if packet.in_flight
      bytes_in_flight -= size

>       packet.in_flight = false

Author: Good point, I changed it to clear().
